
T If the p-value associated with a null hypothesis is 0.012 then I would not
reject the null hypothesis at the 1% level.
2. F A 95% (two sided) confidence interval for a regression parameter
(coefficient) is wider than a 99% confidence interval.
3. T The null hypothesis H0: 1 +22 = 3 has the same number of restrictions
as the null hypothesis H0: 1 =22
4. F If a regression of y on x yields an insignificant slope estimate (at a 5%
level) on x, it must be the case that a regression of y on x and x2 would
yield insignificant slope estimates (at a 5% level) on both x and x 2 .
5. T If a 95% two sided confidence interval for a coefficient does not contain
the value 0.5 then I would reject the null hypothesis that the coefficient
equals 0.5 (against a two sided alternative that it does not) using a 10%
significance level test.
6. F In a regression model with an intercept, to account for a categorical
regressor that takes on 2 possible (non-ordered) values I should also
include the 2 dummy variables (ie dummies for each category).
7. F It there is a violation of MLRM5 OLS will be biased and inconsistent.
8. F If two coefficients are individually insignificant (at say the 5% level) they
will also be jointly insignificant.
9. F In a linear regression model with k=4 regressors and an intercept with n
larger than 125 if the R-squared is 0.05 then the slopes will be jointly
significant statistically significant at the 5% leve

F If the p-value associated with a null hypothesis is 0.012 then I would
reject the null hypothesis at the 1% level.
2. T A 95% (two sided) confidence interval for a regression parameter
(coefficient) is shorter than a 99% confidence interval.
3. F The null hypothesis H0: 1=22 = 3 has the same number of restrictions
as the null hypothesis H0: 1=22 = 3=4
4. F If a regression of y on x yields an insignificant slope estimate (at a 5%
level) on x, it must be the case that a regression of y on x and x2 would
yield insignificant slope estimates (at a 5% level) on both x and x2.
5. T If I do not reject a null hypothesis that a coefficient is equal to a number c
against the two sided alternative that the coefficient is not equal to c at the
10% level then c must be in the 99% (two sided) confidence interval.
6. T In a regression model with an intercept, to account for two separate
dummy variables it is completely general (ie not imposing any
restrictions) to include both dummy variables along with the interaction
between them.
7. F It two regressors are correlated with each other then I should include the
interaction of the two in the model.
8. T If assumption MLRM.5 is violated then the usual formula for the F test (in
terns if SSR for the restricted and unrestricted models) will be invalid.
9. T In a simple linear regression model (ie an intercept and one regressor) with
n=102 observations if the R-squared is less than 0.01 then the slope
coefficient is not statistically significant at the 5% level.
10. T In comparing a model which uses y as the dependent variable and x as the
explanatory variable and another that uses y as the dependent variable and
log(x) as the explanatory variable it is ok to use the R-squareds for the two
models
